this lesson.
We're gonna look at the knave component so novel.
Oftentimes it's associated with the navigation bar,
but you can also use other navigation within your page and such as here.
There's an example of another list here,
and they've got a bunch of links,
so these typically might not be the main navigation bar.
You might have another navigation bar at the top of the page,
and you've got some additional navigation that's included in your page.
And you can accomplish this with nab.
And there's another really interesting.
When you can do with knaves,
you can do it horizontal.
You can do it vertical and the nice one is with the tabs.
This is a really nice effect where you have a number of different tabs,
and you can also combine this with what we learned with the accordion and have the ability
to hide and show various pages,
depending on which one is selected.
So if you do something like home profile contact,
this is all self contained,
and it's loading the content accordingly.
So just as we saw with the Cordy in,
you can do the knave typically,
just as you do the accordion and you could include this on your page to provide additional
information for users.
And then we're also going to look at the navigation bar,
which is coming up in the next lesson.
And this is war of a common use for navigation.
So this lesson we're going to run through quickly what the other possibilities with knave
is,
and then eventually we're gonna transform the naff bar ist into the main navigation bar.
And there's a lot more options as well for that one because that one is obviously more
commonly used in just the naff and then create a bunch of list items and these will
eventually become our navigation tabs.
And so these typically for a navigation,
you're gonna have hyperlinks.
So they're gonna linked to particular page or something within the content as an anchor.
And this one could by default,
be the active one and then just duplicate that we need to add in the classes for it to have
the navigation effect otherwise is just regular HTML to transform this into a naff.
And so right away,
we see that it takes the horizontal format where it converts it to enough and then within
the list items we can add in a class of nav dash item,
and this will transform them into navigation items and now items.
And we don't see a whole lot of change quite yet.
There's also the class of nav link so naff dash link,
and I'll sit this one to be active.
And then I didn't the nav class to the other list item.
And also add in the class for this hyperlink and remove out active.
So starting to structure mawr like a navigation bar.
And then typically you'd have more than just two links.
Suit probably have three or even four links for the navigation bar,
and I'll just number them so that we can have distinguished between them.
You can also set the links suggests as we saw in the last lesson,
you can have disabled links,
so that could be applied to any link.
You could make them disabled,
and usually they're going to get this greed out muted color to them.
So what?
The naff?
There's number of styling options,
so there's now pills,
so they turn it into a pill format.
You can also do now fill,
so that fills the available space that you have for the navigation.
So even if we adjust so even if we just on the size,
it's still always gonna fill the available content.
So this one's got four of them,
so it's taking the available content that's there.
You can also do that now have tabs.
So that's always a really nice,
neat effect and creating another container for that.
Let's give it a class of knave and I'm gonna turn these into the nav tabs.
Eso create a few hyperlinks,
so you don't have to have mean containers for these.
Either weaken directly apply that classes right to the hyperlinks.
So this will just be a regular hyperlink and they're gonna add in a class.
And the class is of course,
it's gonna be nav item because we don't have any parent now items.
So just by applying that it's gonna transform it slightly.
And then also we wanted to add in the now link because these air links so you can combine
the classes that saves you the trouble of having the one that's wrapping it again.
It's up to you how you wanna handle that.
And so these could be linking two pages let me add in a few more,
and this will be linking to about this.
One will be linking to Contact Savella about element with the idea of contact and will add
those in after and let's transform them into naff pills.
So save as now pills.
And also I like the effective going the knave,
Phil.
So all the way across.
So we'll add those in as well.
And then just below this parent class,
we cannot ended if and give it a class of tab content,
as this is where the content is going to sit,
that's going to be tabbed through.
I'll bring this up a bit.
So this is where we can add in the various pages and number of dips that will actually hold
the content to the 1st 1 It's gonna have a class of tab pain,
and then you can attach how it's gonna be handled so we can fade.
We can show you can also set it as active,
so active will open it,
and I can also have ah,
different background colors so set background of primary and we need to provide the I D.
So this one is just gonna be I d home to match with that first hyperlink there,
the first anchor and then I'll add in some content here and make it really big.
So display dosh for so home page.
Let's create a few other ones s.
We also had one that was linking to about and I'll update the color as well.
So warning.
And I'm going to remove the show and the active and this is the about peach.
Oh,
and we do have to add in one.
Were attributes here for the data toggle for it to actually work.
That's the important one.
That's why it's not working.
We need Teoh.
Add that in as an attribute,
and that will give us the ability to treat these as tabs.
That will toggle the data.
No,
Ive got home.
We've got about Let's add in that last one and this one was the contact and that,
of course,
you can put us much content as you want down here below.
I will make that one the danger so safe.
So now we do all of these taps and we can see how we can navigate through them and how they
change and I'll update Thies to be have tabs.
That was the other option.
So these air being displayed in a tab format is gonna cut that tabbing option,
and I'm gonna add in a margin top of five so that this content is distinct from the content
above.
And of course,
you can customize the styling and you could add more content as needed into each one of the
top pains.
So coming up next,
we're going to look at the now far,
so it's gonna be very similar to what we've covered.
There's gonna be flotsam or structure of changes and more attributes that we need to add in
and these are gonna be the one set can collapse.
So it's got that collapsible menu that you typically find within the navigation bars.
So you can see that within the main bootstrap a swell that when it collapses,
it's gonna collapse down to this collapsible menu and you can set different break points as
well.
So we're gonna check that out enough coming lesson